# ICS3U Final Summative - Math Flashcard Game: Pokemon Themed
This is a math flashcard game that generates 2 numbers and a random operator
(+, -, x, /, %), and the user must input an answer until they either run out of
time or finish the number of questions they inputted. The user may select the
level of difficulty they would like (1, 2, 3, 4), each varying in the number of
question options. The user may enter the amount of time they would like, or they
can select no timer. The user can also enter the number of questions they would
like to answer. Both the timer and number of questions input are validated to
make sure there is no bad input. As well as this, the user also has the choice
to choose which operators they would like to be tested on. In addition, the user
can also choose if they would like negative numbers included. Finally, there is
a theme selector, that is inspired by Pokemon and each lead to a theme dedicated
to its own Pokemon. 

Once the start button is pressed, the tab switches to the game tab where the
game will automatically begin. If the timer is selected, the timer will begin
counting down from the time inputted. There is a live score counter, updating
after each submission. As mentioned earlier, 2 numbers and an operator will be shown
on the screen, with an entry box to the right. Once the answer is inputted and
submit is pressed, all the widgets will update. There is a progress bar that
tracks how many questions you have completed and have left. There is a section
that tells the user how many questions they've completed and have left. After
each question, either wrong or correct images will appear, and will also say the
answer inputted and the correct answer. Once there are no more questions or if
the timer expires, a message box appears with your score. At any point, the
reset button can be clicked to reset the game, and the back button brings the
user back to the menu tab to adjust settings. 

